feat: Add SetComponent() to toolkit-trace (#135)
apache/skywalking-go: docs/en/advanced-features/manual-apis/toolkit-trace.md

trace.SetTag("key","value")
```

### Set ComponentID

> Use `trace.SetComponent()` to set the component id of the Span

Reviewer: Please add the parameter.

> The Component ID in Span is used to identify the current component, with its data defined in [SkyWalking OAP](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/oap-server/server-starter/src/main/resources/component-libraries.yml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Component ID in Span is used to identify the current component, which is declared in the [component libraries YAML](https://github.com/apache/skywalking/blob/master/oap-server/server-starter/src/main/resources/component-libraries.yml) from the OAP server side.
```
